[DOCS-7432] Configure existing pipelines for OP (#22205)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/configure_existing_pipelines/destination_env_vars/datadog_archives.md

- AWS access key ID of your S3 archive 
	- The AWS access key ID for the S3 archive bucket.
	- Stored in the environment variable: `DD_OP_DESTINATION_DATADOG_ARCHIVES_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`)

> - AWS secret access keyID of your S3 archive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWS secret access key ID of your S3 archive
```

	- The AWS secret access key ID for the S3 archive bucket.

> 	- Stored in the environment variable: `DD_OP_DESTINATION_DATADOG_ARCHIVES_AWS_SECRET_KEY`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Stored in the environment variable `DD_OP_DESTINATION_DATADOG_ARCHIVES_AWS_SECRET_KEY`.
```
